update the list of recommended userscripts (#399)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/userscripts.md

These userscripts come directly from the AdGuard developers, and we can guarantee that they are effective and safe. Remember: whenever you download a userscript from an unknown source, you expose yourself to risk, as some scripts may be harmful to your computer. Get new scripts only from the sources you trust 100%. Furthermore, here are [some examples](#more-userscripts) of popular sites with scripts.

> - **AdGuard Extra**. An extension that blocks ads in difficult cases when the usual filter-based approach is not enough. AdGuard Extra comes pre-installed with all premium AdGuard versions, so you don't need to do anything to enable it. However, if you want to use it alongside AdGuard Browser Extension or any other ad blocker, you'll need to use an additional extension. Learn more about this userscript and how to install it on [GitHub](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardExtra).

Reviewer: Обязательно надо выделить

![AdGuard Popup Blocker](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/general/popup-blocker-installation.png)

#### AdGuard Assistant (legacy version)

This custom extension is designed to control filtering directly from the browser page (manual blocking, exclusion of the site, etc.).

:::note

This version of Assistant is legacy and there is no point in using it on new systems, since it has been replaced with the full-fledged [Browser Assistant](https://adguard.com/adguard-assistant/overview.html). But the legacy Assistant might be of help if there is no Browser Assistant for your browser. If this is your case, your can learn how to install AdGuard Assistant on [GitHub](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardAssistant).

:::

#### Disable AMP

A script that is only pre-installed in AdGuard for Android. It disables AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) on the Google search results page. Learn more about this userscript and how to install it on [GitHub](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/DisableAMP).

![Disable AMP](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/general/disable-amp-installation.png)

> #### microShield
> 
> A regional userscript for people who visit Korean websites. The microShield userscript blocks Ad-Shield advertisement and anti-adblock. Its original source code is available at [https://github.com/seia-soto/userscripts](https://github.com/seia-soto/userscripts) and [AdShield Defuser](https://github.com/seia-soto/adshield-defuser). This userscript can be installed in AdGuard CoreLibs-based appd, Violentmonkey, Tampermonkey, and [quoid/userscripts](https://github.com/quoid/userscripts). Learn more about microShield and how to install it on [GitHub](https://github.com/List-KR/microShield).

Reviewer 2: I don't think that the userscript is required for only people who visit Korean websites.
Some international websites started adding Ad-Shield recovery service into their websites.

So, I suggest some changes.

```suggestion
#### microShield

A userscript for people who visit Korean websites and some international websites. The microShield userscript blocks Ad-Shield advertisement and anti-adblock. Its original source code is available at [https://github.com/seia-soto/userscripts](https://github.com/seia-soto/userscripts) and [AdShield Defuser](https://github.com/seia-soto/adshield-defuser). This userscript can be installed in AdGuard CoreLibs-based appd, Violentmonkey, Tampermonkey, and [quoid/userscripts](https://github.com/quoid/userscripts). Learn more about microShield and how to install it on [GitHub](https://github.com/List-KR/microShield).
```

Reviewer 2: If a document will be translated in Korean language, I suggest [this URL](https://community.list-kr.com/docs/AdGuard/Userscripts/microShield) for installation guide.

These userscripts come directly from the AdGuard developers, and we can guarantee that they are effective and safe. Remember: whenever you download a userscript from an unknown source, you expose yourself to risk, as some scripts may be harmful to your computer. Get new scripts only from the sources you trust 100%. Furthermore, here are [some examples](#more-userscripts) of popular sites with scripts.

> #### AdGuard Extra

Reviewer: I'd suggest using increasing headers size overall on this page and then you can use `###` here
